Update Doc for Intel XPU Profiling (#134515)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/torch.compiler_profiling_torch_compile.rst

What to use torch.profiler for:
-------------------------------

> torch.profiler is helpful for understanding the performance of your program at a kernel-level granularity - for example, it can show graph breaks and GPU, CPU and XPU utilization at the level of the program. The data provided by the profiler can often help users understand where to investigate further to understand model performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
torch.profiler is helpful for understanding the performance of your program at a kernel-level granularity - for example, it can show graph breaks and GPU, CPU or XPU utilization at the level of the program. The data provided by the profiler can often help users understand where to investigate further to understand model performance.
```

> To understand kernel-level performance, other tools exist. NVIDIA's ncu tool, Intel® VTune™ Profiler or :ref:`inductor's profiling tools <torchinductor-gpu-profiling>` can be used.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for fixing the typo, but following edit is somewhat inconsistent, as in one case cli tool name is used (which imo should be in backticks, i.e. `ncu`, but in other marketing name is used. If one wants to expand this list, I suggest it should cover all hardware that PyTorch supports and include links to vendors of those tools, something like the following
```suggestion
To understand kernel-level performance, other tools exist, such as :ref:`Nvidia Nsight compute tool<https://developer.nvidia.com/nsight-compute>`, :ref:`AMD Omnitrace<https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/omnitrace/en/latest/>`,  Intel® VTune™ Profiler or :ref:`inductor's profiling tools <torchinductor-gpu-profiling>` can be used.
```

    import torch
    from torchvision.models import resnet18
    

>     # user can select device to use: 'cuda', 'xpu', etc.
>     device = 'cuda'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    device = 'cuda'      # or 'cpu', 'xpu', etc.
```

* CompiledFunction and CompiledFunctionBackward events, which correspond to the dynamo-compiled regions.
* CPU events at the top, and GPU events at the bottom.

**Flows between CPU and accelerator events**

> Every kernel on the GPU/XPU occurs after being launched by code running on the CPU. The profiler can draw connections (i.e. “flows”) between the GPU/XPU and CPU events to show which CPU event launched a GPU/XPU kernel. This is particularly helpful because, with a few exceptions, GPU/XPU kernels are launched asynchronously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every kernel on the accelerator occurs after being launched by code running on the CPU. The profiler can draw connections (i.e. “flows”) between the accelerator and CPU events to show which CPU event launched a accelerator kernel. This is particularly helpful because, with a few exceptions, accelerator kernels are launched asynchronously.
```

> To view a flow connection, click on a GPU and click “ac2g”:

Reviewer 2: Why this line needs to be modified?

Author: indeed, added it back accordingly.

> To view a flow connection, click on a GPU and click “ac2g”:

Author: ```suggestion
To view a flow connection, click on a GPU kernel and click “ac2g”:
```
